Implement date_bin scalar function (#11577)
crate/crate: docs/general/builtins/scalar-functions.rst

    +---------------+---------------+
    SELECT 3 rows in set (... sec)

.. _date-bin:

``date_bin(interval, timestamp, origin)``
-----------------------------------------

> Return type is ``timestamp with time zone`` or ``timestamp without time zone``
> and same with timestamp and origin type.
> 
> Puts timestamp to the beginning of interval aligned with origin. In case of
> single unit (1 second, 1 minute, 1 hour, 1 day) it gives the same result as
> :ref:`date_trunc <scalar-date-trunc>`. In case of 1 week interval date_bin
> returns same result as date_trunc only if origin is a Monday.
> 
> If at least one argument is NULL, return value is NULL. Interval cannot be zero.
> Negative intervals are allowed and are treated the same as positive intervals.
> Intervals having month or year units are not supported due to varying length of
> those units.
> 
> A timestamp can be binned to an interval of arbitrary length
> aligned with custom origin. 1609488000000 is Fri Jan 01 2021 08:00:00::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

``date_bin`` "bins" the input timestamp to the specified interval, aligned with
a specified origin.

``interval`` is a expression of type ``interval``. The ``timestamp`` and
``origin` parameters are expressions of type ``timestamp with time zone`` or
``timestamp without time zone``. The return type matches the ``timestamp`` and
``origin`` parameter types and will be either ``timestamp with time zone`` or
``timestamp without time zone``.

The return value marks the beginning of the bin into which the source is
placed.

If you use an interval with a single unit like ``1 second`` or ``1 minute``,
this function returns the same result as :ref:`date_trunc <scalar-date-trunc>`.

If the interval is ``1 week``, ``date_bin`` only returns the same result as
``date_trunc`` if the origin is a Monday.

If at least one argument is NULL, the return value is NULL. The interval cannot be zero.
Negative intervals are allowed and are treated the same as positive intervals.
Intervals having month or year units are not supported due to varying length of
those units.

A timestamp can be binned to an interval of arbitrary length
aligned with custom origin.

Examples:

::
```

    cr> select date_bin('3 hours' :: INTERVAL,
    ... '2021-01-01T08:30:10Z'::timestamp without time zone,
    ... '2021-01-01T05:00:00Z'::timestamp without time zone) as bin;
    +---------------+
    |           bin |
    +---------------+
    | 1609488000000 |
    +---------------+

>     SELECT 1 row in set (... sec)

Reviewer: Maybe we could use an example with `unnest` or multiple `VALUES` to better illustrate the effect of the binning?

Maybe something like this?

```
SELECT 
  date_bin('2 hours'::INTERVAL, ts, '2021-01-01T05:00:00Z'::TIMESTAMP) as bin, 
  date_format('%y-%m-%d %h:%i', date_bin('2 hours'::INTERVAL, ts, '2021-01-01T05:00:00Z'::TIMESTAMP)) formatted_bin
FROM unnest(ARRAY[
    '2021-01-01T08:30:10Z',
    '2021-01-01T08:38:10Z',
    '2021-01-01T18:18:10Z',
    '2021-01-01T18:18:10Z'
  ]::TIMESTAMP[]) as tbl (ts);
```

    +---------------+---------------+
    SELECT 3 rows in set (... sec)

.. _date-bin:

``date_bin(interval, timestamp, origin)``
-----------------------------------------

``date_bin`` "bins" the input timestamp to the specified interval, aligned with
a specified origin.

``interval`` is a expression of type ``interval``. The ``timestamp`` and

> ``origin` parameters are expressions of type ``timestamp with time zone`` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``origin`` parameters are expressions of type ``timestamp with time zone`` or
```

``timestamp without time zone``. The return type matches the ``timestamp`` and
``origin`` parameter types and will be either ``timestamp with time zone`` or
``timestamp without time zone``.

> The return value marks the beginning of the bin into which the source is
> placed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The return value marks the beginning of the bin into which the input timestamp is
placed.
```

If you use an interval with a single unit like ``1 second`` or ``1 minute``,
this function returns the same result as :ref:`date_trunc <scalar-date-trunc>`.

If the interval is ``1 week``, ``date_bin`` only returns the same result as
``date_trunc`` if the origin is a Monday.

> If at least one argument is NULL, the return value is NULL. The interval cannot be zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If at least one argument is ``NULL``, the return value is ``NULL``. The interval cannot be zero.
```

    +---------------+---------------+
    SELECT 3 rows in set (... sec)

.. _date-bin:

``date_bin(interval, timestamp, origin)``
-----------------------------------------

> ``date_bin`` "bins" the input timestamp to the specified interval, aligned with

Reviewer: @jweberpm Could you also have a look over the docs?

a specified origin.

``interval`` is a expression of type ``interval``. The ``timestamp`` and
``origin`` parameters are expressions of type ``timestamp with time zone`` or
``timestamp without time zone``. The return type matches the ``timestamp`` and
``origin`` parameter types and will be either ``timestamp with time zone`` or

> ``timestamp without time zone``.

Reviewer 2: I would format this a bit different:
``interval``is an expression of type ``interval``.
``timestamp`` and ``origin`` are expressions if type ``timestamp with time zone`` or ``timestamp without time zon``.
The return type matches the ``timestamp`` and ``origin`` types and will be either ``timestamp with time zone`` or ``timestamp without time zon``.
